fix(kinput): expose input element [KHCP-16490] (#2794)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/input.md

</KComponent>
```

## Expose

### input

> KInput exposes HTML input element through `input` property for ease of performing manipulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KInput exposes its internal HTML `input` element `ref` via an exposed `input` property to allow access to the underlying element.
```

<div class="input-container">
  <KInput 
    ref="focusableKInput"
    placeholder="Focusable input"
    class="horizontal-spacing"
  />
  <KButton
    size="large"
    @click="setFocus"
  >
    Set focus
  </KButton>
</div>

```vue
<template>
  <KInput 

>     ref="kInput"

Reviewer: nit: can we rename the template ref here something other than `kInput` just to avoid some confusion?
```suggestion
    ref="myInputRef"
```

    placeholder="Focusable input"
  />
  <KButton
    size="large"
    @click="setFocus"
  >
    Set focus
  </KButton>
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
const kInputRef = useTemplateRef('kInput')
const setFocus = () => {

>   (kInputRef.value?.input as HTMLInputElement).focus()

Reviewer: You'd need to name these as well
